Dear [Company Name] Recruitment Team,
I am writing to express my interest in applying for the [Job Title] role with [Company Name or Company referenced in the job description or title].
I am a Senior Data Engineer with over 5 years of experience developing pipelines to ingest, transform, and organise data in on-premise and cloud relational databases and more than 13 years developing SQL relational databases. I have successfully delivered cloud migrations on the AWS and Azure platforms and I deeply familiar with Snowflake, Databricks, and SQL Server; there is a good chance that I am one of few people you will meet who has read the SQL Server Administrator’s Guide. I have completed professional certifications in AWS cloud computing, Snowflake, and Databricks which has helped consolidate what I have learned throughout my career as well as my own self-learning through personal projects. I have over 13 years of programming experience in Python and MATLAB and I am experienced in developing solutions using Bash and PowerShell across Windows and Linux environments. I have developed many solutions with Dockerised containers when it’s the best tool for the task (for a sample of an end-to-end analytical engineering project that I developed, please visit my GitHub page: https://github.com/automationchad).
For a recent project with a government healthcare service, I developed the data pipelines to extract, load, and transform highly sensitive data from an on-premise SQL Server and an Oracle database into a cross-platform cloud solution. I wrote ingestion pipelines using Matillion to extract data from the ieMR mirror in our SQL Server and loaded it into a data lake built in an S3 bucket, which is being used as input to machine learning models. I also developed pipelines to port the data from S3 into our Snowflake platform where it is staged prior to curation. I created dbt pipelines to transform data from our curation layer into domain-specific schemas that form an enterprise data warehouse using a DIM-FACT snowflake model. I also designed the Azure DevOps repository to version control (Git) the ELT pipelines and leveraged dbt to generate dependency visualisations for our documentation.
I established DevOps with automated CI/CD pipelines at the last two places I have worked by building capacity in my colleagues to bring everyone up to speed with descriptive commits that has made documentation much easier. I also have the uncanny ability to remain unphased whenever a merge conflict arises. I am well-practiced in unravelling botched cloud migrations after a poorly planned design has produced a tangled spiderweb before the platform was ever deployed. I possess expert skills in data architecture design and data modelling; specifically, star and snowflake schema designs with data marts that facilitate high-level analytical capabilities that would make both Ralph Kimball and Bill Inmon proud. 
I have attached my CV detailing the contributions I have made to the places where I have worked. I am an avid learner and thoroughly enjoy optimising data pipelines.
I look forward to hearing from you.

Sincerely,
William Marzella